README.md, before:

Boxer
=====

Boxer is a small utility application that runs commands on a given interval and
steps within that interval. For example, I may want to have my computer make
a tick noise every five minutes but make a beep every hour.

This application is still in early development but it's meant to be
configurable so you can run any script on a given step or interval.


## History

I've been intrigued by time management techniques for a long time but I haven't
found any traditional approaches work well for me. The Pomodoro technique is
the most famous timeboxing technique and I've found limited success with it.
It requires that I plan what I'm going to do in the future and it has me take
breaks every 25 minutes. I find that too restrictive since I sometimes have to
jump on an ad hoc IM and I sometimes like to work for several hours without
taking a break.

The best solution I've found is to do reverse timeboxing. Instead of planning
for the next half hour, I simply write down what I did for the previous half
hour. This helps me do several things. First, I can see what I did during the
day. Some days it feels like I didn't accomplish anything but when I look back
at my list I can see all the little tasks. Second, it gives me a way to check
in frequently to make sure that I'm not focusing on a task for too long. For
example, I might think I can add a small feature in 30 minutes but sometimes
several hours go by and I'm in a rabbit hole. Checking in helps prevent that.

Reverse timeboxing has been great... when I do it. Unfortunately, it still
requires that I remember to write down something every half hour. So I decided
to build a tool that helps remind me of these intervals and gives me a way to
visualize the steps within these intervals. Thus, box was born.


## Usage

To install, simply run `go get` from the command line:

```sh
$ go get github.com/benbjohnson/boxer/...
```

Next you'll need to set up a configuration file. Copy the `boxer.sample.conf`
to `boxer.conf` in your home directory and adjust settings as needed.

Then run `boxer`:

```sh
$ boxer
```

The default configuration will enable the wallpaper module which updates your
desktop background in 1 minute increments and restarts every 15 minutes on
the quarter hour.

Commit message:

Add menu_bar module.
This commit adds the menu_bar module which toggles the menu bar between
light mode and dark mode on each step. It also flashes the menu bar
whenever it reaches the first step in an interval.

README.md, after:

Boxer
=====

Boxer is a small utility application that runs commands on a given interval and
steps within that interval. For example, I may want to have my computer make
a tick noise every five minutes but make a beep every hour.

This application is still in early development but it's meant to be
configurable so you can run any script on a given step or interval.


## History

I've been intrigued by time management techniques for a long time but I haven't
found any traditional approaches work well for me. The Pomodoro technique is
the most famous timeboxing technique and I've found limited success with it.
It requires that I plan what I'm going to do in the future and it has me take
breaks every 25 minutes. I find that too restrictive since I sometimes have to
jump on an ad hoc IM and I sometimes like to work for several hours without
taking a break.

The best solution I've found is to do reverse timeboxing. Instead of planning
for the next half hour, I simply write down what I did for the previous half
hour. This helps me do several things. First, I can see what I did during the
day. Some days it feels like I didn't accomplish anything but when I look back
at my list I can see all the little tasks. Second, it gives me a way to check
in frequently to make sure that I'm not focusing on a task for too long. For
example, I might think I can add a small feature in 30 minutes but sometimes
several hours go by and I'm in a rabbit hole. Checking in helps prevent that.

Reverse timeboxing has been great... when I do it. Unfortunately, it still
requires that I remember to write down something every half hour. So I decided
to build a tool that helps remind me of these intervals and gives me a way to
visualize the steps within these intervals. Thus, box was born.


## Usage

To install, simply run `go get` from the command line:

```sh
$ go get github.com/benbjohnson/boxer/...
```

Next you'll need to set up a configuration file. Copy the `boxer.sample.conf`
to `boxer.conf` in your home directory and adjust settings as needed.

Then run `boxer`:

```sh
$ boxer
```

The default configuration will enable the wallpaper module which updates your
desktop background in 1 minute increments and restarts every 15 minutes on
the quarter hour. The menu bar will also cycle between dark mode and light mode
every 5 minutes and flash every 15 minutes.
